Docs/Add conversion code to the musicgen docs (#27665)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/musicgen.md

[here](https://github.com/facebookresearch/audiocraft). The pre-trained checkpoints can be found on the
[Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/models?sort=downloads&search=facebook%2Fmusicgen-).

> Note: Models exported via [this](https://github.com/facebookresearch/audiocraft/blob/main/docs/MUSICGEN.md#importing--exporting-models) 
> need to be converted to transformers before being run. This can be done with the script located at
> `src/transformers/models/musicgen/convert_musicgen_transformers.py`, like so:
> ```
> python src/transformers/models/musicgen/convert_musicgen_transformers.py \
>     --checkpoint small --pytorch_dump_folder /output/path --safe_serialization --push_to_hub user/repo
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage tips

- After downloading the original checkpoints from [here](https://github.com/facebookresearch/audiocraft/blob/main/docs/MUSICGEN.md#importing--exporting-models) , you can convert them using the **conversion script** available at
`src/transformers/models/musicgen/convert_musicgen_transformers.py` with the following command:

```bash
python src/transformers/models/musicgen/convert_musicgen_transformers.py \
    --checkpoint small --pytorch_dump_folder /output/path --safe_serialization 
```

```

Author: seems good! (missing a triple backtick at the end, but added it on my fork)
